owski being said that the
The
governor
coming
to
coding
that's any time by any member of the audience and at the
officers in the audience have been instructed to politely escort from the room
immediately anybody violating that family's committee rule.
The chair has been advised by a kind of a timing interview I'd like to make a
trust statement that's the time I've been there.
I am a senior college, I'm a counselor and I'm a counselor for any states
and so I may not like to make a parliamentary inquiry.
As this committee has ordered a transcript of it
proceeding from the course of these hearings submitted to the department of
justice for its consideration and effectiveness.
As I have already indicated not although it is beginning and the
interview is enough for the transcripts with the transcripts.
The chair among our now moved that a panel of
special transcripts of all of the proceedings of this hearing to say
be immediately transmitted to the Department of Justice for
such a pension and consideration as it may merit and that future testimony
the transcripts there are all be immediately transmitted to the
department of justice for the same purpose as rapidly as the transcripts become available.
As that seems the motion will be approved in front of the committee policy
which is what if you will add the Department of Justice to the mailing list that
receives the transcripts easing or morning whenever it's mailed but I will take care of that.
Can you send me any one there if you can say when am I right?
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, previous information I presented in these hearings about the
membership of the Intelligence Advisory Committee to the National Security Council
was incorrect and there have been some changes since I left that council.
The Intelligence Advisory Committee is chaired by the director of the Central Intelligence Agency.
This membership includes the Special Assistant to the Secretary of State for Intelligence,
the Deputy Director of Intelligence of the Atomic Energy Commission,
the Deputy Director for Intelligence of the Joint Staff of the Joint Chiefs of Staff,
the Assistant Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigations,
the Head of G2 of the Army, the Director of Naval Intelligence,
and the Director of Intelligence of the Air Force.
In the Title V, United States Code Section 16 raises follows.
Whenever any person is elected or appointed to any Office of Honor or trust under the government of the United States,
he shall before entering upon the duties of his office taken to describe the following rules.
I do solemnly swear or affirm that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States
to all and in foreign and domestic that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the thing
that I take this obligation freely without any mental reservations or purpose of evading
and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the Office on which I am about to enter.
So help me, God.
According to testimony presented at this committee yesterday, the Office of Informant
who gave this obviously fraudulent letter to a guilty of sending secret information
to somebody not authorized to receive it, and in so doing, disobey the orders of his superior.
In view of the testimony, Mr. Chairman, I do hope that every effort will be made
to find out who was the informant, but at least it is important to be knowledge on the part of the eight government agencies
who sit on the intelligence advisory committee that they may now have in their midst someone who is willing
for whatever reason he considers proper to distribute secret information to unauthorized people.
Thank you, Mr. Chair.
And is there any one of these very good questions that you have to ask?
Yes, I would, Mr. Chairman.
Number one, Mr. Chairman.
Number one, Mr. Timon, to know that he may have a false statement just now,
because this was a fraudulent letter.
Judge, your group is at all parts of it, but identical to the program memorandum,
with the exception of the deletion of the security matter, so Mr. Timon makes the statement
to use deliberate play-attemptings to please these people.
I may say, Mr. Chairman, when Mr. Timon's been dragged to the left for committee,
I thought for a while it was a loss, when they came back on I thought it was a game.
I discovered now that Mr. Timon's been returned to the committee,
that he's been funding their time trying to obstruct any attempt to decommunise other government.
Why I don't know, I think it was just an entirely directed issue, Mark, to the...
No, I think it was just an attempt to decate my baddest determinants, because there's a term in my word,
and then there's time in which they fall statement, I think I'm entitled to,
the early reasons for it, care-refinite, and it's time I've got to take it.
And I say that this is part Mr. Timon's part of a sequence of efforts from the private ministry
signing in with the director, those tough committees, everything that came back on,
and they came back, I welcome them, I thought they would work with it,
and still have that time that they are doing everything possible
to keep that committee from functioning and taking out comments.
Listen, examples of the signings of this morning, there's just another example.
He is interested in the comments that Mr. Timon mentioned, and it's not enough to read it,
but he's interested in fine-tying to finish the individual that's there to give us information
about espionage and the secret radar laboratory.
Now, with the term of the signings and the fire science and serenity,
any of the oil people who have been exposing them will not be subject to this place of blame.
He will not get there now.
Now, with the other, the different inter-billion care-refinite, again,
that's quite tough, and when we get into the preliminary discussions,
it's not as much as it's for expediting the agreement and it's kind of a delay thing
but Mr. Chair, I can take that and ask him, and I might say,
the amount of time that I've taken for this committee,
in the 11 days, the Secretary of the Evening has been on the stand, has been very, very little.
I did not want it this time to get into any discussion,
but it turned out from what's possible as to whether my record
in attempting to build thought-ins against communist advancement,
issues or its a period ahead.
I would like to note that he got this letter many weeks before I left the committee.
I never saw it until the hearing started.
I would like to say a little note, however, that I believe I'm justified
and saying that this letter is for you.
Its content may be accurate.
I did not read it because I was advised that it would be wrong to read it
from the standpoint of my position in the law of the country,
but I did note in the letter that whereas the undocumented Hoover
has said he said,
said, problems for two general bowings,
problems for today as the Hoover, this broken letter starts off
dear, general bowings, and it's time presumably,
sincerely yours, Jay, and the Hoover.
I do not question whether the facts are right or wrong
with respect to the summaries of the fraudulent letter,
but I do say that whoever puts those facts in
made up a letter when he himself was fraudulent because the
salutation and the final words in the letter were never written by Mr. Jay and Hoover.
I thank the chair.
Chair, help us again.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman,
I know you have your right.
Three people are trying to affect the year of the nation of the chair.
He hears them all, but he can recognize them one at a time.
I think the recognize Council President.
Chairman, I advise the chair to permit no further discussion with respect to that letter.
This group has thoroughly exploited the facts,
hardies here, two in interest, have thoroughly expressed themselves.
I think any further discussions, any further charges, counters, charges,
constitutes a waste of time.
It is my suggestion that the chair now orders the proof to continue in this.
Chair, I'd like to do that, and let's turn the action in his name.
Mr. Chairman, I thank you.
Mr. Chair, I think the President will be sufficiently fair to date Mr. Chairman.
I think it's high time that the chair and get on the track.
We've been sidetracked for a long time.
I'm not surprised by the statement from the Senator of the West Side.
Now, that's an old stock and trade, and you can expect that all to be hearing.
But I think it's high time we get back on the track.
And so let us get down to business.
I'm not disturbed by statements that he may make.
He made a lot of money in a 1952 campaign,
and that blow all the American people against Senator Simon to my cell,
and the people who were treated.
The chair suggests that we get on, and everybody now has had a chance to be heard.
Mr. Secretary, may the chair inquire you before we begin.
You had a day's dress yesterday, which the chair was happy to have you have,
and before beginning this morning, we'd like to inquire whether you feel now that you would like to continue,
or whether if you prefer to get more rest and step aside and have the chair follow someone else in the army space.
The committee would like to ensure that you are refreshed and feel ready and able to check.
I say, oh, Mr. Chairman, that I should please, but for the committee, I carry on to the best of my ability first.
Well, as the chair stated, we recognize this is the teaching work,
and if you, or council will advise the chair, or any members of the committee,
any time, if you feel that you would like a day or two days away from the stand,
there are other army witnesses to be called, the chair of the director of the committee, too.
Now, you have had this update.
One day, three from that unhappy spot, and the happy shadow is blowing.
I would remind the chair that I was on, and what the stand was today.
Very very sweet, my friend.
Yes, but I was on.
Yes, and it was really nine parties,
and he was also doing a contingent this morning.
It was a great, if not, it was just satisfying some other members of the year's final date
to relieve you for a while.
Well, I'm a subject today, but many were going to give that matter consideration on their own motion,
and I'm supporting the credit for it, abide by any contingent.
We will have a, we will have a, we will have a current situation this morning,
and the chair says, get to the new hour, build a concrete, and the future is good night,
have the afternoon off, I'm sure the committee will have to do the time.
If the Jenkins have you any better statements, make a speech.
But then it's probably a nice, nice to make a corner border and more of information
to the members of the committee.
Now, we've been, this is a fact of week, I believe,
and it's a conclusion, it's a second week of the period.
It is, we're no closer to term-making in the period today,
and we're a week, it's still the proportions of the expression of the whole period.
Now, I'd like to emphasize, remember the late, of the committee.
That's a thing that also has other work, but to divide it,
I'm fortunate to, to the members of the committee, and I'm thinking of,
it's been myself, we have on, on the floor of the Senate,
the half party act, which many amendments are being considered,
or we die as one of the members of the Senate, by the way,
is to the end.
I'm going to have to, I want to, to participate in the debate,
on that, on the amendments to the half party act.
You know that I have to do that, all the time,
to represent the people of my faith.
So I, I wish to, I wish to, together, to the chair,
and to, remember the committee.
That has to, has to want to be prolonged for a week,
and to month, that the member will have to meet.
You allow the members of the committee to take care of other essential,
and, um, become, I say that every effort should be made to bring the interiors
to a conclusion, a particular bottle, to get on with more important work.
Now, the chair, I say, simply, as we try and value the,
I think, as we go, with the object of the suspension,
we bring all parties around the table to see whether the president's
or the president's revocation, we can shorten the hearings by some equitable
procedures.
Uh, the chair, Senator, he could try again, and he's not many members of the committee,
so if you have a formula, it's just, which I might remind council
of the motion unanimously adopted while, if they never found the sentence,
which council to continue to explore, with council for all sides,
the evolution of a formula for expediting hearings,
and I'm sure that council will have heard of it,
and I'm sure that we have heard of it, but every opportunity to do so.
Um, Mr. Stevens, the chair has no questions,
Senator McIntyre, no questions, can you get,
you know, any of the centers that I write?
I'm Mr. Chairman, but I might, I'm very pleased to comment on two items.
I've seen a reason why you didn't, because everybody else,
had this morning's a microphone, or two viewers,
or very very, the first one is,
in a telephone conversation this morning,
with Mr. J. Edgar Hoover, director of the S.D.I.,
he authorized me to make the following statement,
quote, in the conversation with Mr. Hoover from time to time,
since I have been an author, he has commented in the highest burns
on the co-operation between his author and the G2 intelligence division of the Army.
That is the end of the quotation.
At this time, I would like to make a correction,
within my testimony, appearing on page 1458 of the record.
At that point, speaking of a conference in my office
on February 24, I stated, quote,
I don't think that I saw anybody except some of my staff on that afternoon,
after I got back from the meeting, from this meeting, unquote.
I expect the record, and first my memory,
and I find that I got back to my office about 3.30,
but I saw the press for about 10 minutes,
the commission for taking, and at 4.30, I met with a group in my office.
I now have a list of the people invited by my staff to be present.
I made a report to them of what has happened at that luncheon.
A list of those presents is a follow-up.
It's a list of 21 names.
Let's check.
I've got the luncheon list.
We've been very now with the luncheon list,
but remember that in the luncheon, that's what I think.
Do you believe in your own means of this?
Yes, I'm glad to read.
Secretary, do you know what I mean?
Do you believe in your case?
No, I think that I like to read the list.
Secretary Cives, Secretary Milton, Secretary Rotterick, Mr. Hensfield,
Mr. Adams, General Ridge Ray, General Wibble, General Lemnister,
General Becker, General Young, General Chudero,
General Adelman, General Palmer, General Muget, Colonel Houth, Mr. Canes,
Mr. Larbus, Mr. Martin, Secretary C. Colonel Beliu, Colonel Delano.
Is that the proof you gave me?
Yes, I think so.
Any defenders, my last question?
No questions.
Mr. Welch, none.
Senator Macrazio, Mr. Holt.
Mr. President, there are the rest of the county
that's the only country in the country I'm going to give
on my third, is that right?
Our last Monday.
Yes, that's right.
Now you're learning about last night and this morning,
there are two witnesses in executive sessions
who testify that you were not telling the truth
in page 14, 50,000 and 58.
I've been in the first half of this list of questions.
Did you learn about last night and this morning,
two witnesses were told in executive sessions?
I read this wasn't the nation.
And their testimony was that the year testimony in page 14, 50,000, 58,
was greatly young, too.
Is that not why you decided to change your testimony?
Did you learn?
I have mentioned this two or three times to counsel
as I wanted to elaborate on the point
that I was not going to ask any of this though.
Did you learn a witness of the following last night
and one this morning and those witnesses
gave testimony directly to the year?
No, sir.
You did not learn that?
Have you ever heard of the conversation
with the following note, sir?
Do you notice that this man that's correct?
Didn't learn that a newsman of the following last night?
No, sir.
Never heard of a last note, sir?
Are you as far as this is as far as you were about your
bad meeting on the 24th?
I'd answer the question, I think.
Let me ask you this.
Was not your testimony?
Yes, sir.
Was not your testimony all the time, sir?
That's the teaching that's all the pointing in the newsman
and being called last night at this point?
I don't know why he was or not.
I'll give you a hand.
You tell me if I do it.
Look.
I'll give it to you, Sir.
Are you alright?
I apologize.
It's not like I'm with you, sir.
You satisfy me.
In those first days of my life, I went for your testimony.
This is my testimony on everything that I've done.
Not at your own service.
I've done what myejage says.
You ask him, he's inside you.
You ask him?
Yes, sir.
Sir, that's not all there is for renewing the difficulty we call.
I'm asking him, Father.
Did it be a death year?
No.
The death year is a death year.
He's an owner of the room.
I must have well-fledged him.
Nothing about a minute's time.
Sir, that's right.
How long have you been with him?
I've been going to the office for a while.
Good morning that he has been called.
And if he's beaten up in the car, what has no knowledge of what he touched the fire to?
Yes, sir.
And here testimony is, for the first time he knew the secret was told.
That's correct.
Well, who prepared the statements he just gave?
Who prepared the statements?
Father, it's a combination of evidence and counsel.
That's right.
So the combination of evidence or counsel is a statement of being told.
The first night of line was the secretary's death.
When you learned, Mr. Chess and the one he was, in actors,
why didn't you immediately send him a card they asked for?
He did not give the witness off to the teacher's acting,
he could have had without off to the teacher.
The lawyer was a deep suspect, he was no opportunity to give it in.
You don't need to be about that, the lawyer.
Question.
You're about to answer.
The first question, there was a combination of effort at your counsel knew
that the secret was being called.
The question I have in mind was, which secretary is this?
I'm proud.
When you learned, no, you need not read any further.
The first question, you need to read the first question.
I think that was a statement.
The question I have in mind is, what secretary is this?
When you learned, Mr. Chess and the one he was an actor,
why didn't you immediately?
The question, why did that?
An actor, I don't even know if the chairman was for me.
Well, the question is, is the question,
is the senator McCarthy, which you were not given an opportunity to answer?
To answer was this.
Was there a combination effort in the preparation of the statement you'll read?
On the part of yourself in your counsel,
I, sir, your counsel learned that this witness has been called this morning
to testify at an executive section.
Well, of course, I can't testify as to what my counsel knew about it.
You'll have to ask him.
It was a combination effort in my office this morning of the work council.
And it's mainly, I would say, my own work.
Mr. Secretary, did your counsel advise you,
prior to arguing the preparation of that statement,
that he has been advised that this witness was called this morning to testify at an executive section?
He did not. He did not, I think, the chairman that fully explores the matter.
And we should say, that's the same fact.
Mr. McCarthy, Mr. Chairman,
in view of the fact that this statement has made after Senator McClellum
and rightly so, suggested in fact transcript goes to the justice department,
view the fact that it has made after two weeks of testified positively
that the Secretary gave incorrect testimony.
View the fact that Mr. Wells helped prepare this statement,
that the view that's been taken was going to be present.
I would like to ask the Chair of the Secretary of State, Mr. Wells,
so I can examine him on this.
I just won the award,
but on the face, what appears to be surgery is correct.
The only after this known that we have gotten witnesses to testify,
is the fact that the meetings in possible any man of normal intelligence,
and I think Mr. Stevens has at least normal intelligence,
would forget a meeting of 21 of the top people over the Pentagon
until there was no such a meeting.
Mr. Chairman, that is not a point of order.
I think it entirely in sufferers.
As the Senator may have, Mr. Wells sworn at any appropriate time
and cross-examining with reference to whether or not he desires the Secretary
to tire the preparation of that statement that he needs Mr. Stevens' air.
I again suggest that we proceed with the interrogation of the witnesses
on matters relevant to the issue.
Mr. Chairman, I believe that the Council of Statemen is sound
that Mr. Stevens is on the stand and we're trying to expedite the hearing
so that we can get on to other witnesses.
Mr. Chairman, if you want to interrogate Mr. Wells,
if you wish that we have concluded with Mr. Stevens.
Mr. Chairman, may I say that I think this is one of the most important issues
across the year, further enough,
there was criteria or sub-arination of criteria.
We have on following the practice,
the Council of the Senate,
and the Council of the Senate,
I think that the Council of the Senate is not in place
having the Secretary set the sign when a question comes up.
I will not press the point of the Chair once to have Mr. Wells sworn at a subsequent time.
I thought it could be sworn now to give the Secretary a time to prevent that also.
I guess the Chair was for enough time if you were once one of the time.
Chair would like to follow these suggestions and Councils as this plan to conducting the hearing.
On the third of May,
you asked these questions.
Mr. Murkhar, you were unhappy when you stood there smiling and shaking my hand
while the photographers were taking their pictures.
The other ones were unhappy and serious.
We're happy. All right.
Then you got back to the time again.
We could tell us how there was originated.
That particular night the charges against Mr. Cohen,
Mr. Secretary, I have no idea.
President, did you talk to him so last night?
Answer. I don't think I did.
President, do you remember?
I don't think I did. No, I'm pretty sure I didn't.
Now, when did you first request a recollection and remember there was this 21-man meeting?
Well, out of Canada, I have far as Mr. Hensel is concerned.
He was one of 21 of the meetings.
I didn't talk to him personally.
I didn't remember.
You heard my con. What a transpire.
I said, when did you request a recollection?
And suddenly, remember this 21-man meeting?
You did not remember three days ago.
Well, when I get two of the days touched on me, I think about it and try to think of
searched out my memory and see if anything needs correction or expansion.
And I remembered then, I was I was next to my eighth day on the stand,
somewhere in it, and I overlooked that point, and I followed my counsel not once,
but two or three times.
As soon as I got an appropriate opportunity, I would like to elaborate on that return to the Pentagon.
Mr. Stevens, I haven't tried to cut the short to get you off the fan, but when you answered,
I give a long and long answer to nothing you would have thought.
There's no way that I can get you off on a hurry.
My question simply was, when did you first remember about this 21-man meeting?
In your office, the one which you did not remember last month?
When did you first remember? Monday night, Tuesday night?
I'd say it just until I can't remember precisely, but I'd say that probably.
I thought it'd actually be on Tuesday sometime.
I don't know.
So you probably didn't get it?
Mr. Smith or Mr. Stevens?
Yes, that's the only work that's done.
If you're not in direct contact with the other two witnesses in testifying,
it would be a fair cut to your case, those rather important to you.
I think that's the only work that's done instead of making each statement of facts.
You simply ask questions of this witness.
You have made each statement of facts.
But I don't think it's proper.
I think your line of inquiry was proper for proper and for that reason, no objection was made.
Mr. Care, if all is appointed by the prosecutor's secretary,
you were aware of the fact.
You are aware of the fact now that your testimony is under hold on the third,
is directly contrary to the testimony of Mr. Stevens.
Are you aware of that?
Both under hold?
I'm not aware of anything that Mr. Stevens has touched on.
I actually explained it.
Thank you.